	Before I took this course I had some idea that Latin was connected to english and all languages. After taking this course I have learned how important Latin is to all languages. Learning Latin is invaluable because although I have learned a lot of Latin this semester I have also deepened my understanding of english grammar. Latin makes you think about what it means for something to be in the present, perfect, imperfect, indicative, subjunctive, first, second, and third person. I loved how this course was not just about a language, and that it dove into deeper thinking of how we can use Latin to make a more just society. It was great to have the guest speakers in our practicum sessions where they talked about the dark side of the subjunctive and the plans for our CBL work. Although all of this was not what it would have been if we were on campus, I appreciated the effort and passion that was put into the course by the professors and the guests. Along with the effort by the students that we were able to make this course the best we could given the circumstance. I am grateful to have taken this course as when I started I was overwhelmed by a brand new language, not to mention I also had to start the class a week late. I would never have thought that I would be in a position to give a lesson to others about prepositions in Latin. As I was still unsure if I had the capability to finish this course with a passing grade. However, this course gave great opportunities to show what you have learned and to learn from my mistakes with review, corrections, and practice. Overall, I am excited to take Latin on campus next semester. 
